# Project-1-Java-2D-Graphics-solution

Download Here: [Project 1 Java 2D Graphics solution](https://jarviscodinghub.com/assignment/project-1-java-2d-graphics-solution-2/)

For Custom/Original Work email jarviscodinghub@gmail.com/whatsapp +1(541)423-7793

Overview
In this project you will create 3 simple, images or your choice and use Java 2D graphic methods torotate, scale and translate each of the images.Requirements:1.Using Netbeans or Eclipse, develop a Java 2D graphics application that creates 3 images. Theimages should have the following specifications:a.Size: minimum 25×25 pixels, larger images are Okayb.Type: Color (consists of two or more colors)c.Simple form or shape (Hint: consider a letter or number, or even simple shapes such ascrossing lines, rectangles, or circlesd.You should generate the image inside of separate methods and store them as 2D arrays.2.Use Java 2D graphics to display your original images.3.For each image use the existing Java 2D graphics transformation methods to translate, rotateand scale each object. You should perform the following transformations on each image:a.Translate -5 in x direction, Translate +7 in the y direction.b.Rotate 45°counter clockwise.c.Rotate 90°clockwised.Scale 2 times for the x component, scale 0.5 times for the y componente.Each of these transformations should be displayed in sequence with the images alwaysstarting from the previous transformation as opposed to the original image.f.Use Java 2D graphics to display each transformation for each image. (Hint: review theProject 1 template for a good start for this project.)4.All Java source code should be written using Google Java style guide.5.Prepare, conduct and document a test plan verifying your application is working as expected.This plan should include a test matrix listing each method you tested, how you tested it, and theresults of testing.Deliverables:1.All Java source code used for this project. Code should adhere to the Google Java style guide.2.Word or PDF file demonstrating with clearly labeled screen captures and associated well-writtendescriptions, the success execution of your 2D graphics transformation. The document shouldbe well-written, well-organized, include your test plan, include page numbers, captions for allscreen captures, and a title page including your name, class, section number and date.References should be included for all sources used and formatted in APA style.

AttributeMeetsDesign20 pointsMethods used to isolate functionality (10 points)Code is efficient without sacrificing readability and understanding. (5points)Code can easily be used and maintained. (5 points)Functionality50 pointsCreates Simple, minimum 25×25 binary 3 images (5 points)Stores images as 2D arrays. (3 points)Uses Java 2D graphics to display your original images. (2 points)Translates each image -5 in x direction. (5 points)Translates each image +7 in the y direction. (5 points)Rotates each image 45°counter clockwise. (5 points)Rotates each image 90°clockwise. (5 points)Scales each image 2 times for the x component (5 points)Scales each image 0.5 times for the y component. (5 points)Displays transformations in sequence. (5 points)Uses Java 2D graphics to display each transformation for each image. (5points)Testing10 pointsPrepares, conducts and documents a test plan verifying application isfunctioning properly. (10 points)Documentation anddeliverables20 pointsSubmits all Java source code used for this project. (5 points)Code adheres to the Google Java style guide. (5 points)Submits Word or PDF file demonstrating with clearly labeled screencaptures and associated well-written descriptions, the success executionof your 2D graphics transformation.(5 points)The document is well-written, well-organized, includes the test plan,includes page numbers, captions for all screen captures, and a title pageincluding your name, class, section number and date. References areincluded for all sources used and formatted in APA style. (5 points)
